docs(tutorials): content validation - MTA-1594 (#229)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/setup-mysql/index.mdx

1. Download the MySQL `apt` configuration from the official MySQL developer server:

  ```
  wget https://dev.mysql.com/get/mysql-apt-config_0.8.20-1_all.deb
  ```

2. Install the package using `dpkg` by running the following command:

  ```
  dpkg -i mysql-apt-config_0.8.20-1_all.deb
  ```

> 3. Select **MySQL 8 server** when you are prompted which MySQL product you want to install. Confirm by pressing OK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select **MySQL 8 server** when you are prompted which MySQL product you want to install. Click **OK** to confirm.
```

> 3. During installation, you are prompted which MySQL product you want to install. You can keep the default configuration (MySQL 8 Server). Confirm by pressing OK.

Reviewer 2: Step should start with action verb

> 4. The tool will generate a configuration file for the `apt` package manager. You can verify its content by running the command `cat /etc/apt/sources.list.d/mysql.list`. The output should look like the following example:

Reviewer 2: Step should start with action verb

> 4. Verify the configutration file for the `apt` package manager, generated during installation of the package above, by running the command `cat /etc/apt/sources.list.d/mysql.list`. The output should look like the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Verify the configuration file for the `apt` package manager, generated during the installation of the package above, by running the command `cat /etc/apt/sources.list.d/mysql.list`. The output should look like the following example:
```
